Uh we've got our next caller Rakkesh is
calling us from New Delhi. Rakkesh hi a
very good morning to you. How can we
help you today?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good morning. Want
your perspect on as I have 150 as a rate
of 1,9505.
>> Okay. And uh
>> I raise and looking for a long-term
>> long-term view. Okay Rakkesh I got your
query. I'll take this up with Mr.
Tokingham. Uh Mr. Tokingham your view on
ICICI Lombard.
>> One can hold it. uh long-term outlook
looks really very promising uh over a
longer period if the bank company also
has been doing quite well. So I would
give hold uh uh recommendation in case
it corrects one can certainly
accumulate.
>> Okay. Uh all right. So that's the view
on access bank. Uh let's take the next
one. Wen uh okay. Okay. IC Lombard. All
right. So we've got our next question on
CDSL and Wenitesh has got this question
and he's bought at levels of 1,390
rupees per share. Uh 40 shares is what
he's got. He's looking at a 1 month time
horizon. Uh Kush, what's the view on the
chart?
>> Definitely a hold. The stocks actually
had a good uh bump up. But what's
interesting is that it's sustaining uh
that bump up today. Also if you see uh
for whatever time markets have been open
about a little more than an hour you
know the stocks actually up on the back
of very decent volume. So my suggestion
would be to continue uh holding on to I
say Lombard I think on the upside
immediate resistance is coming in at
about 1660. So you've got some room
there as well as and when that is taken
out you're looking at a 1735 as well. So
I think this this has got good traction
going for it and on the downside strong
support zones at 1550. So even for a
entry at current levels risk risk reward
is favorable but since he's already
holding it I would suggest a you know a
hold continue to hold with a stop loss
at
>> you you were speaking about CDSL right
>> yes CDSL
>> got it okay all right uh that's a view
on CDSL on the charts Kishor is calling
us from Hyderabad next and he's got a
question on access bank good morning how
can we help you today
>> yeah hello uh I got consultation of
access bank
>> okay
>> at104
>> okay I'm looking for a purely short-term
view and also uh I want their view on
actin
I'm sure
>> no one one stock is what we'll take and
access bank is what therefore we'll be
discussing when you say long-term how do
you define that kishor
>> no it's not long-term it's
>> it's shortterm okay and how do you
define that
>> uh maybe two three months
>> two to three months all right so on the
charts bought levels of 1,14
kush I'll come to you on the charts The
stock price is currently 1127 and banks
seem to be making a bit of a comeback.
Would you say hold for higher levels?
Uh yes, it's a hold. Let me start with
the broad view first. It's a hold right
now. And since the stock is above his
buying price as I normally do, I suggest
a trailing stop loss at his buying
price. So now 1104 11105 that level
should act as his uh buying price also.
Incidentally, that's the level where the
rounding bottom formation breakout has
come about three sessions ago. So
anyway, it's a support zone from a
near-term perspective. Now just a quick
word as to what is happening here. Uh
we've seen very sharp short covering by
FIS and banks are a prime beneficiary of
that and hence an extended run. Today
will be I think the 12th session of
consecutive positive gains if that
happens. Access Bank also falls under
that beneficiary list. So yes, the
momentum could take it higher because
he's got a position. I would suggest a
hold with a stop loss at his fine price.
However, as the stock moves higher close
to the 135 and then 15 uh sorry 1135 and
11 1150 zone, my suggestion would be to
book profits and exit out of access.
>> Okay, book book profits and exit out of
access is the view where charts are
concerned. And we got an